Where's Photography Blue? He's in it.
certainly. That's just right,
I'll go in and have a look. Pack,
Keep pretending. Who turns up the air conditioner so high?
What about our perturbed feelings of pride? Is it hot?
Are you still on the road? Stop pretending.
Hey, wake up,
Wake up, wake up quickly! Wake up photography blue,
Ouch, madam, what are you doing?
We've been dating the Photographer for two years? Get up,
I originally wanted to open the canned quantity for you to exchange.
Since you won't cooperate, don't blame me for using other methods.
My subordinates don't understand what you are saying.
Then explain it to me
This usually only depends on the favorable eyes
I think it's a bit similar to the gesture of our chief judge.
But it’s not us, is it?
I'll find out after I check it